In today’s world, the use of technology is a pertinent component in everyday living. Especially in the aspect of essential software, and how it is integrated into different companies and their products. This notion of Open Source Software (OSS), being the key building blocks for an organizations digital structure is concept that is vastly becoming the norm. OSS is the concept of sharing licensed software within a public community for use by all who need such product. With integration of OSS, it allows for organizations to meet their product needs, creates a comparative advantage against their competitors, limits develop expenses, and engages them in a community directly focused on improving quality of the software.

For this repository, I am going to outline how to best incorporate OSS into a corporate environment. The two main stakeholders (also known as entities) are the software developer and the corporate manager. Their role is to implement the best OSS product that meets their organizational needs for an ever-changing environment. They will be involved in the following tasks (also know as processes) such as: conducting vulnerability & license scans; implementation of software into organizational architecture; routine review and updating of that software policies. The manager is solely responsible with providing any policy updates or changes, however it will be done with consideration of the developer and their current organizational structure. The databases (DB) in which information is imported or extracted from are: the NIMS Vulnerabilities DB, the OSS Compound DB, and the Policy DB. In this repository, you will find the Data Flow Diagram (DFD), the DFD dictionary, and three Use Cases that further elaborate on the processes of software integration in a corporate structure. Each of these report items will compile the necessary outline for conducting an implementation of OSS within your organizational structure.
